Goblin Baseball league mini series for MTG, Work in Progress:

Goblin Pee Wee Baseball League, RWU
Sorcery
Create a number of 1/1 Goblin Baseball Rookie Creature Tokens with "This creatue must attack if it can." equal to your devotion to Red, White, and Blue.

Buy me some peanuts, WU
Instant
Target opponent cannot attack or block this turn unless they pay 2 to create 1 Food Token under your control.

I don't care if I ever come back, 2RWU
Sorcery
When a creature deals combat damage this turn, you may sacrifice it. If you do, it deals damage to that opponent equal to its power.

Goblin Youth Coach, RW
2/2
Creature — Goblin Baseball Advisor
Whenever a creature with power or toughness less than Goblin Youth Coach enters the battlefield under your control, bolster 1. 
A creature bolstered this way gains ward 1 until end of turn.
"Alright, lil lad, here's your helmet, bat, glove, now RUN!!1!"

Goblin League Coach, 1RU
2/2
Creature - Goblin Baseball Advisor
XW, T: Support X+X.
"Alright, big lad, here's how you play this, now GO!!1!"

Goblin Rookie Hitter, RW
Creature — Goblin Baseball Novice Batter
0/1
Evolve  
When Goblin Rookie Hitter has four or more +1/+1 counters on it, shuffle it into its owner’s library.
When you do, it deals damage to target opponent equal to its power.
"Me? I'm just a lil lad. Don't even worry about me!"

Goblin Drive Hitter, 1R  
Creature — Goblin Baseball Batter
2/1  
Whenever Goblin Drive Hitter deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counters on it.  
When Goblin Drive Hitter has four or more +1/+1 counters on it, return it into its owner’s library.
Goblin Drive Hitter deals damage to target opponent equal to its power.
"And he's still RUNNIN'!!1!"

Goblin Joe from the West, 2RWU
2/4
Creature - Legendary Goblin Baseball Referee, 
UW, T: Counter target spell unless its controller sacrifices permanents with total mana value greater than or equal to that spell’s mana value. 
"It's out when I say it is!!1!"

Goblin Baby Ruthless, 2RW
5/1
Creature - Legendary Goblin Baseball Batter
At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose a number X. 
If an opponent is dealt exactly X damage this turn, distribute X +1/+1 counters among creatures you control.
UR: Return a creature you control with four or more +1/+1 counters on it to its owner's library.
Goblin Baby Ruthless deals damage to target opponent equal to that creature’s power.
"Ruthless calls the shot as he puts home run no. 2 right into the field!!1! - Baffled Goblin Reporter".

Bases Loaded, XRWU  
Sorcery  
Choose X creatures you control. They gain trample until end of turn.  
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent this turn,  
you may return it to its owner’s library. If you do, the creature deals damage to that opponent equal to its power. 

When There’s Grass on the Field, RWU  
Sorcery  
Untap all creatures that attacked or blocked this turn. 
After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.
Then, for each creature that could have attacked or blocked this turn but didn’t, its controller loses 1 life. 
If any player lost life this way, copy this spell.

Take Me Out, UW
Sorcery
Target opponent selects a creature card out of your library. Put it on the battlefield under your control without paying its mana cost. It has haste. Shuffle your library.

World Series Stadium
Mythic Land — Baseball Stadium
Each player controls World Series Stadium during their turn.  
T: Add R, W, or U.

Pee Wee Goblin League
Special Land — Baseball Training Stadium
T: Create a 0/1 red Goblin Rookie creature token with haste and evolve.

Derby
Special Land — Baseball Stadium
Each player controls Derby.  
T: Add R, W, or U.  
If a player has any unspent mana at the end of a phase, that player loses life equal to the amount of unspent mana. “BOO!!1! Foul play!”

Home Field
Mythic Land — Baseball Stadium
Home Field doesn’t untap during your untap step unless you dealt combat damage last turn.
T: Roll a four‑sided die. Add mana based on the result —  
1 — R
2 — W
3 — U
4 — Add one mana of each of R, W, and U

Away Field
Special Land — Baseball Stadium
Away Field doesn’t untap during your untap step unless your opponent attacked last turn.
T: Add R, W, or U.

Steppe Goblin Stadium
Special Land — Baseball Plains Stadium  
Steppe Goblin Stadium enters the battlefield tapped and doesn’t untap during your untap step unless you dealt combat damage last turn.  
T: Add W W.

Pirate Goblin Stadium
Pirate Goblin Stadium enters the battlefield tapped and doesn’t untap during your untap step unless you dealt combat damage last turn.  
T: Add U U.

Cave Goblin Stadium
Special Land — Baseball Mountain Stadium  
Cave Goblin Stadium enters the battlefield tapped and doesn’t untap during your untap step unless you dealt combat damage last turn.  
T: Add R R.